# **Project Title: Traffic Sign detection for ADAS vehicles**Object identification has many applications in various fields like autonomous vehicles. In all over the world, important information about the road condition and its limitations are introduced to drivers as visual signals, such as traffic signs. Traffic signs are an important part of road infrastructure to provide information about the condition of road, warnings, prohibition, restriction, and other helpful information to the driver for navigation. They provide important information which can be interpreted by drivers. During inferior traffic or bad weather conditions, driver may not notice the signs directly or indirectly, which may lead to accidents or serious injuries. During such circumstances, if there is an automatic detection system for traffic signs, it can warn driver of such signs on the road and help him follow such signs and thus making driving safe. Advanced driver assistance system (ADAS) is one of the fastest growing fields in autonomous vehicle. ADAS technology is completely based upon vision system, active sensor technology and car data network. A vision-based road sign detection system is thus necessary to catch the driver&#39;s attention to avoid any accidents. However, there are many factors which make the road sign detection difficult such as lighting conditions poor or bright, deformation of signs, angle at which they are placed. Thus, our aim in this project is to write an algorithm for vision-based traffic sign Identification.# **Getting Started:****1.**   **Prerequisites**The important prerequisites of this projects are- Python – Jupiter notebook- German Traffic sign data set- Prior knowledge about Template matching algorithm**2.**   **Installing**- German Traffic data set    Link to download: [https://www.kaggle.com/meowmeowmeowmeowmeow/gtsrb-german-traffic-sign](https://www.kaggle.com/meowmeowmeowmeowmeow/gtsrb-german-traffic-sign)- Install sklearn library  In the anaconda command prompt: pip install sklearn- Install numpy In the anaconda command prompt: pip install numpy- Install OPENCV 2 library In the anaconda command prompt:         1. conda create -n opencv python=3.8        2. conda activate opencv        3. pip install opencv -python   To verify the installation:         1. python        2. cv2.__version__**3**.  **Run** - Initially download the German traffic data set from the link which is provided above. - In the python window copy the code from main.py to execute the program, which in return detects the traffic sign in each input image. - Initially it takes 25 secs to detect the image, but after a few attempts the computation time will be around 15 sec on average.